New instructions how to enable auto-upgrade V11+ (#597)
rancher/k3os: README.md

Integration with [rancher/system-upgrade-controller](https://github.com/rancher/system-upgrade-controller) has been implemented as of [v0.9.0](https://github.com/rancher/k3os/releases/tag/v0.9.0).
To enable a k3OS node to automatically upgrade from the [latest GitHub release](https://github.com/rancher/k3os/releases/latest) you will need to make sure it has the label 

> `k3os.io/upgrade` with a value `enabled` (and for versions prior to v11.x, please use label `plan.upgrade.cattle.io/k3os-latest` with a value anything other than `disabled`). The upgrade controller will then spawn an upgrade job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`k3os.io/upgrade` with value `enabled` (for k3OS versions prior to v0.11.x please use label `plan.upgrade.cattle.io/k3os-latest`). The upgrade controller will then spawn an upgrade job
```
